kindness that bruno is already teaching
you accommodate this program that in three
minutes so let's go there quickly without
lose brain time think a sai
file here have some new options
obviously there are a few things here
resolution pixel can also
change here do not make it too small in the
quality of your drawings will stay
bad to the shock I already have things here one
side are the layers and can create layers
huh
you're drawing right in several
layers here after how they are
separate and can change
individually to exclude just clicking
on it and click on the trash can you
also change the opacity here of the
layers in this bar and the way
multiplication overlap with scroll
mouse you can zoom in if you
tighten control t
you can move your drawing and
Also here on the side you can turn
vertically horizontally a thing
interesting is that he can
rotational drawing very easy on top and
also mirror here on the good side here in
we have some options for a
This is the first one right here.
You and have concluded that you can
choosing the colors is much easier here
we have some underneath some
tools is the brush
The air brush right here for a rubber
delete things bucket of paint and here
below we have some options with
opacity to change the size of the
brush here in size is very simple
also if you have multiple layers
and you want to join just click on the top
tight control and that it
will automatically join with the
down always from top to bottom one
interesting stabilizing thing that
also that you can change to
make your stroke a bit firmer
but you also need a table
not a mouse will not scan
to advance anything if you have a drawing that
is to change the color of it come here in filter
tone and saturation you will achieve
easily change if any of these
Panels disappear come here window and looks
It will only activate. You can give z control to
back to sound control and to
front or up here you too
good if you use the mouse on your
site a scheme called la in gold that
You come here with the pity you can do.
so edit the points is fine
simple to click and then edit and
if you want to change the pressure only
the printout clicks on the point and goes to
left or right and by
chance you want to turn this
layer
take her from there in mogi to get
painting normally I only came here in layer
and masterize newark layer
if you want to select a certain
space just click on the magic wand and
click here
if you have not given any error you have
passing you can change everything here
It is so then only you decrease here and
remember to click on the right layer that
This is not going to happen after I've only seen
file will save and if you want to save
a file and then open and edit the
layers you save with a point it out
not only save as normal image
remembering that if your traits do not come out
children so it comes out that way because
is doing with the mouse you need to
a digitizer table then you must
it's very worth it
I recommend bigger with many 480 is cheap
is good and I hope it has helped if
sign up for the channel and watch the other videos
thanks folks went